This page describes room meeting for the SOCVR room.

## April 2016

### Agenda

* Can we ask for someone in the room to edit in a relevant tag on a question so that it can be single-handedly closed with the hammer?
* Should we leave a comment under posts that were closed as a result of a cv-pls in order to let the OP know how to improve their question?
* Does the room need to be renamed so that it doesn't focus only on "Close" activity?
* Are the activities of the room effective at meeting its goals? What can / should we do to make our votes more effective?
* Are we okay with having a lot of members being privileged Smokey users? Should only RO be privileged in SOCVR and let members be privileged in Charcoal HQ if they really want to?

### Resolutions

<!-- fill in what we decide on -->

<!-- Please fill in the rest -->
